So Michael, let's start with you and mayors for a guaranteed income.
How the heck did this come about? I know a little bit of the backstory, um,
but we'd love to hear from you exactly how you got started.
And a lot of it came as you, partly from watching. Just how,
when you made the decision to run for president,
primarily on this idea of a guaranteed or a universal basic income,
how much momentum from the eyes, the idea attractive and seeing how.
You're giving me too much credit, Michael, you giving me too much credit.
You were on this stuff before I arrived on the scene.
Um, but it was, it, it, it, it made it very clear how it was a national.
It was in the nation was more ready for it than than many people anticipated.
Um, so then during the COVID-19,
and sort of seeing how for the folks in the Stockton pilot,
which we launched in February, 2019,
so many of them were persisting because of this $500 that they were
lucky to get and how it allowed one lady who was COVID positive to take two
weeks off of work that allowed another person who didn't get access to the other
planet benefits,
a stable source of income for three months while they wait to get onto
employment roles. And then the George Floyd protests,
which we know it's not just about police brutality,
but about the vines of poverty. The vines of lack of opportunity,
I think really had me go back to Dr. King,
who was talking about the guarantee come during a similar time.
This nation's history when there was 253 riots across the nation of people who
are protesting and saying enough is enough.
Michael and I were on a panel. What was it two years ago now, I guess the,
your trial was just getting started three years ago.
Three. It was 2017. No, it was October, 2017.
I guess. I believe you, man. Time has flown. Uh,
so we're in a panel about basic income. And then you said to me,
after the panel, you said, Andrew, you can say,
I could never get away with saying,
and I really took that to heart.
Michael is one of the things that came through to meet her.
And the campaign was that like,
we each have a message and unfortunately,
or fortunately like the message and the messenger really get tied up together,
uh, today in America, you know, it's like,
like we could all be saying the same thing and it would be interpreted very,
very differently based upon who we are.
Thank you for listening in. I hope you enjoyed this conversation. If you did,
please do subscribe to yang,
speaks and click on notification so we can let you know every time we have a new
episode.